Fix incorrect `mstore` removal. (#16459)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Reviewer: Please remember that this will need a buglist entry.

Without it the PR is not really finished so it should still be a draft.

Author: bug list updated. How about the blogpost link? I changed it to draft for now.

Reviewer: You can leave it unfilled until we know when we're releasing this. URLs are predictable, based on date and title (which should match the bug ID) so we could create one already, but if we do it now, we can easily forget to update the date and we'll end up with a broken link. So for now I'd put in something that clearly looks like a placeholder.

Author: I used X/Y/Z placeholder for now as it was done in prev cases.

Compiler Features:

Bugfixes:

> * Yul Optimizer: Fix a bug in `UnusedStoreEliminator`, which could lead to incorrect removal of `mstore`s in certain cases. 

Reviewer 2: Were `sstore`s susceptible to the bug as well?

Author: Yes it was. Description updated and test added.

* Code Generator: Fix uninitialized internal function pointers being read from a packed storage slot with the wrong value when a subsequent variable in the slot holds a non-zero value.
* Commandline Interface: Report proper error instead of ICE on non-hex mixed-case address value given via `--libraries`.
* Type Checker: Report an unimplemented feature error instead of ICE when a variable of a fixed point type is accessed in inline assembly.

> * Yul Optimizer: Fix a bug in `UnusedStoreEliminator`, which could lead to incorrect removal of `mstore` or `sstore` in certain cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Yul Optimizer: Fix `UnusedStoreEliminator` not being prepared to handle non-SSA code, which led to incorrect removal of `mstore` or `sstore` in certain cases.
```

* Yul: Fix incorrect serialization of Yul object names containing double quotes and escape sequences, producing output that could not be parsed as valid Yul.
* Yul EVM Code Transform: Improve stack shuffler performance by fixing a BFS deduplication issue.
* Yul IR Code Generation: Preserve custom error argument of `require` when stripping of revert strings is selected via `--revert-strings strip`.

> * Yul Optimizer: Fix a bug in `UnusedStoreEliminator`, which could lead to incorrect removal of `mstore` or `sstore` in certain cases.

Reviewer 3: this needs to be moved into the unreleased section
